login - change the color of the hover since its white
1. Dashboard - today sales table, when pointing a mouse to the barcode products it has no logo. when pointing a mouse to the upper right make a sale and notification. when pointing a mouse in the table of today sales products, quantity, total and date. and when pointing a mouse in the lower part of the table first, previous, 1, next and last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the products, quantity, total and date, search inside the rectangle, first, previous, 1, 2, next, last, total purchases, total suppliers, and total sales. 
2. Categories - when pointing a mouse to the upper right make a sale and notification. when pointing a mouse to the name, created date, view description, edit, delete. when pointing a mouse to the button of no expiry for products in this category when you click the 3 dots. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, name, created date, actions, view description, edit, delete, first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
3. Products - when pointing a mouse to the products under products. when pointing a mouse to the product name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, in product name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. enter or scan sku number in the edit products and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
4. Outstock - when pointing a mouse to the outstock under products. when pointing a mouse to the brand name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, in brand name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. enter or scan sku number in the edit products and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
5. Expired - when pointing a mouse to the Expired under products. when pointing a mouse to the brand name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, in brand name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. enter or scan sku number in the edit products and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
6. Purchase - when pointing a mouse to the supplier, date submitted, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, supplier, date submitted, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
7. Add sale - change the text colors of the scan barcode or type sku / barcode and press enter, search in products, previous, next, payment method, customer, notes, discount, cash tendered, change and total
8. Sales - when pointing a mouse to the medicine name, quantity, total price, date, edit, delete, cancel button in the edit sale. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle. when pointing a mouse to the medicine name, quantity, total price, date, edit, delete, cancel button in the edit sale when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
9. supplier - when pointing a mouse to the name, phone, email, address, company. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
Reports
10. report dashboard – table in the current stock inventory the white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, category, supplier, batch, quantity, expiry, cost value, selling value, first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
11. low stock alert - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, category, supplier, batch, on hand, reorder level, shortage, first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
12. Automated Reorder Suggestions - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, supplier, on hand reorder level, recent daily, suggested orders, basis make a hover in the actions , first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
13. Expiring and Expired Medicines - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, batch, supplier, quantity, expiry date, status, days , first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
14. stock movement - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the date, type, product, batch, quantity, balance, reference, user , first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
15. purchase order report - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the order number, order date, supplier, product, quantity, status, expected, received, value first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
16. supplier performance - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the supplier, purchase orders, units received, stock value, expired lines, on time data, first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
17. sales and dispensing report - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the date, product, batch, quantity, total, customer, cashier, payment first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions

18. medicine demand forecasting - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the date, product, units sold, average daily demand, 7 day forecast, 30 day forecast, current stock first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
19. inventory valuation - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, category, supplier, batch, quantity, expiry, cost value, selling value, first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
20. batch and lot tracking - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the batch number, product, supplier, manufacturer, expiry date, original stock, remaining stock, barcode first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions
21. regulatory compliance - white button no name, change hover and change color text in the product, supplier, batch, quantity, issues, recommended action first, prev, 1, next, last make a hover in the actions. make a hover in the actions
22. permissions - change hover in name, created date, first, prev, edit, delete. Edit color text search in the rectangle. make a hover in the actions
23. roles - change hover in name, permissions, edit, delete, first, prev, 1, next, last. Edit color text search in the rectangle. make a hover in the actions. 
24. users – change hover in name, email, role, created date, view details, edit, delete, prev, 1, next, last. Edit color text search in the rectangle. make a hover in the actions. 
25. profile – change hover in change password, turn on
26. backups – change hover in id, disk, backup date, file size, actions, prev, 1, next, last
27. archive – change hover in data, deleted date, related records, prev, 1, next, last. make a hover in the actions.
Categories - when pointing a mouse to the upper right make a sale and notification. when pointing a mouse to the name, created date, view description, edit, delete. when pointing a mouse to the button of no expiry for products in this category when you click the 3 dots. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, name, created date, actions, view description, edit, delete, first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
3. Products - when pointing a mouse to the products under products. when pointing a mouse to the product name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. change the colors of the hover. it has the effect but the white is overpower so i cant see it clearly. and change the text colors of the search inside the rectangle, in product name, category, price, quantity, view details, edit & delete. when pointing a mouse to the first, previous, 1, 2, next, last. enter or scan sku number and create a color hover for the actions. If you will change the colors make it readable.
report dashboard - icon in automated reorder suggestions and the spacing of open Reports
report dashboard - icon in medicine demand forecasting
4. sale - add sale change color text in previous and next. change text qty to quantity
5. sale - in sales the table it is not clickable
6. dashboard in notification change the color text of Notifications and view all Notifications 
7. product- add product product image change the color of the text in use camera
8. purchase add new product image change the color of the text in use camera
9. sale add sales change color text in previous, next, payment method, customer, notes, discount, cash tendered, change, total. and change text in qty make it quantity
the white rectangle button with no label in all the parts in the system
10. report dashboard automated reorder suggestions no space in open report button and no icon on the automated reorder suggestions
11. medicine demand forecasting no icon 
12. access control in roles change the hovers in the cancel button             
13. access control in users add users the password and confirm password should have an eye button
14. profile in security change password should have a  has an eye button
sept 15. products products add image product image change the color of the text use camera
16. purchase add new change the color of the text use camera
17. sale - add sale change color text in previous and next. change text qty to quantity
18. report dashboard automated reorder suggestions no space in open report button and no icon on the automated reorder suggestions
19. medicine demand forecasting no icon 
20. Audit Trail - make it a table form 
21. access control in roles change the hovers in the cancel button
22. access control in users add users the password and confirm password should have an eye button
23. profile in security change password should have a  has an eye button